Your partners’ names
Yuanning Han, Rex Jiang

Your design process.
//Sketches are included in the reflections folder.
  I used 3D primitives for my Lost and Found, so I thought it was time for me to try out another 3D file after learning more about p5js.
  I started off with the body part which I drew. I ran into the same problems I've encountered during my Lost and Found, which was having the pattern warp the way I want it to. For the New School sweater, this time I used a vertex and a wrap to make sure the pattern I created was located just the way I wanted it to. I then used rotateX, rotateY, and rotateZ to make the arms in the directions I wanted it to be in.
  I then moved on to the head drawn by Yuanning, and same problem. The easiest way to create the head was a sphere, which already has predefined warp points. This time, I didn't use vertex and warp, but rather just started drawing on the 3D primitive itself, and moved around the 2D primitive elements so that it represents the face.
  For the legs drawn by Rex, I wanted to keep the pixel graphic elements. So I added rectangular boxes around every corner of the pants. I also added a leg which wasn't depicted in the original sketch. I thought it would look better with the penguin feets.
  Since I have tried using blender during my xFab 3D scanning assignment, I did think of just making parts of it in blender and import it to p5js, but thought it would be an extra restriction if I just used the predefined 3D primitives on p5js, which didn't turn out as bad as I thought it would be.

A new background story you’re creating based on the collectively assembled information
  I added some keyboard interaction. Pressing 1 would give the penguin a fish and pressing 2 would give the penguin a plastic bottle. The first thing that came to mind seeing the penguin head was the jackass penguin I saw in Cape Town, South Africa, and the fact that a lot of the penguins are losing their place to live due to global warming. I think the other elements(body, legs) somewhat made the penguin more characterized. And of course, they do have equal importance to the world as humans, so I thought having the human-shaped body wasn't a bad addition to the project.