1. Write a description for your experimental clock. How is it novel to you and how might it alter the way you track / keep time? 
  I don't know why thought of this, but I guess it was because I really wanted to drink beer with soju at the time of the ideation process. By the way, soju is usually $1 ~ $1.5 per bottle at a Korean convenience store. The time on the first third indicates the real time, second third is how many bottles of beer are drank and the third is how many bottles of soju are drank. To be honest, I can't drink that much, but this is usually how much three of my friends and I drink together.
  Never thought of it this way, but it actually ends up like this when I drink with my buddies. As a think of it after making this, we should be able to keep time by counting the bottels we've drank 😂.

2. Describe your design process. Include all three of your design sketches and explain how you’ve ended up choosing one. 
  So initially, I thought we had to have three time keeping elements on each project. Which made me think of; 1. beer, soju and wine clock. 2. Plastic bottle, can, and boxes clock(showing how much of them are thrown away every minute or second). I only figured out after reading the assignment again for reflections.
  I really wanted to try out the trash version, but after looking up how many plastic bottles were thrown away every minute, I chose the alcohol one. Did you know a million plastic bottles are consumed every minute around the world? Since it is close to impossible to replicate that number, I decided with my alcohol clock idea. Also, I wanted to make the trash move when a mouse was moving over it, but figured that would be way to hard in p5js, and would be a lot easier in just html, css, and js.
  
  After deciding on the alcohol clock, I split the canvas into three sections, to show the real time, beer time and soju time. I drew out the sky with looping elipses to mimic the sun and sunset. The bottle form of beer and soju was then drawn. I was able to place them in the canvas, but wasn't able to make them appear every bottle count. I asked ChatGPT for help on that. After getting the code examples from ChatGPT, it functioned just as I wanted it to, so I read the code line by line to figure out what functions and values it used to make this working.
  After that, I changed some of the values so that it suits better in the grid column / row grid for the bottles, and also made some size changes so that the bottles were responsive to the screen/window size.

3. What’s your overall reflection on this assignment? What have you learned throughout the process of designing an unconventional clock?
  It was very time consuming, and that lead me to another idea; I should've made a clock that shows how much time goes into a single line of code 🥲. I also found GPT being really helpful when I have well documented codes to begin with, and with specific prompts I want to achieve. I think it was easier for GPT to add to my code since I had the bottles layed out and had proper comments on each function I wrote.